Fix node recipient awards 2024 (#552)
kubernetes/contributor-site: content/en/community/awards/2024/index.md

*Peter Hunt, [@haircommander](https://github.com/haircommander)*  
For the tireless and continuous pull request reviews and triage for SIG Node

*Paco Xu, [@pacoxu](https://github.com/pacoxu)*  

> For continuous contributions to SIG Node and representing SIG Node at KubeCon China 2023

Reviewer: This may be a copy-paste problem from last year?

https://github.com/kubernetes/contributor-site/blob/master/content/en/community/awards/2023/index.md?plain=1#L134-L135

Reviewer: ![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/cbf57ed8-8813-427e-a4ca-9034e20aa811)

See https://youtu.be/4WKTK0klhOI?t=458.

Reviewer 2: yes sorry this was a copy paste issue - also congrats to @ffromani  :)

Author: thanks @pacoxu for the evidence and for the fix! I'm very honored by the award

> *Paco Xu, [@pacoxu](https://github.com/pacoxu)*  
> For continuous contributions to SIG Node and representing SIG Node at KubeCon China 2023

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*Francesco Romani, [@pacoxu](https://github.com/ffromani)*
In recognition of prolonged contributions in the domain of resource management, unwavering commitment,
and persistent endeavors towards continuous enhancements.
```
